Update issue templates (#2)
vaadin/collaboration-engine: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

> **Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: Imo it would be better to talk about use cases instead of problems.

Also, [ex vs eg](https://blog.prepscholar.com/ie-vs-eg-vs-ex-definition#:~:text=What%20Does%20Ex.-,Mean%3F,is%20used%20to%20introduce%20exercises.)

```suggestion
**Is your feature request related to a use case? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the use case is. E.g. I'd want to enable my users to [...]
```

**Describe the solution you'd like**

> A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. If you have an idea for new API to the product, describe the API and how you think it should work.
```
